c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper.exe.config
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper.exe
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper.pdb
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper.g.resources
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper.exe
c:\users\enti2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper.pdb
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\bin\Debug\Icons\settings.png
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\Ygo_Deck_Helper_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\SettingsWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\enti2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ygo_Deck_Helper\Ygo_Deck_Helper\obj\Debug\SettingsWindow.baml
